+++
title = "Training school"
date = 2016-06-15  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2016-06-13
time_end = 2018-06-17

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This summer school, sponsored by COST Action TU1305: Social networks and travel behavior, and by the University of Gävle, was provided a set of workshops on alternative geospatial analysis methods surrounding topological and scaling analyses that enable us to better understand structure and dynamics of transport systems and human mobility patterns. The summer school was combined with lectures, hands-on exercises, discussions, and projects. It provided related data obtained from OpenStreetMap, Twitter, Brightkite, and Gowalla for the hands-on parts. We offered a brainstorm session that had led to some joint publications among the participants. Over 20 young researchers (PhD students and postdoc researchers) and three senior instructors have one-week intensive discussions and exchanges during the five-day summer school. "
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Summer School on Topological and Scaling Analyses of Transport and Social Media Data"
event_url = "http://www.tu1305.eu/content/training-school"

# Location of event.
location = "Gävle, Sweden"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["FRSntl"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
Travel Grant from the summer school of COST Action TU1305.