+++
title = "International Conference on Infrastructure Resilience"
date = 2018-02-14  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-02-14
time_end = 2018-02-16

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The International Conference on Infrastructure Resilience aims to bring together scientists, policy makers, and infrastructure professionals to share the latest knowledge on infrastructure resilience. I presented the work about an ontology-based approach to modelling interdependency of critical infrastructure, which shown the conceptural framework for interdependency of critical infrastructure and a demo. Additionally, I was session chair of Resilience Assessment session."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "International Conference on Infrastructure Resilience 2018"
event_url = "https://www.ethz.ch/content/specialinterest/dual/frs/en/News/frs-news-channel/2016/10/infrastructure-resilience-conference-2018.html"

# Location of event.
location = "Zurich, Switzerland"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["FRSonto"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "pdf/yan2.pptx"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
