+++
title = "Presentation on Society of Risk Analysis annual meeting 2017"
date = 2017-12-10  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2017-12-10
time_end = 2017-12-14

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The theme of this year’s meeting is Risk Analysis: The Profession, The Practitioners, The Research. I presented two works: one is an oral presentation about ontology-based approach to modeling interdependency of critical infrastructure, the other is a poster presentation about resilience-oriented analysis of risk management and Ontology-based categorisation of hazards in interdependent infrastructure systems."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "The Society of Risk Analysis annual meeting 2017"
event_url = "http://sra.org/2017-annual-meeting"

# Location of event.
location = "Arlington, VA, USA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["FRSonto"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/sra_poste.pptx"
url_slides = "pdf/SRA.pptx"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
