
+++
title = "An Ontology-driven Multi-agent System for Nautical Chart Generalization"

# Date first published.
date = "2017-05-04"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["__Jingya Yan__", "Eric Guilbert", "Eric Saux"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Cartography and Geographic Information Science"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract_short = "The objective of this work is to conceive a multi-agent system (MAS) for nautical chart generalization that is driven by the knowledge on the generalization process and the undersea features and their relationships. First, this work provides a feature-centered ontology modeling of the generalization process. Then, the MAS structure is introduced where agents access cartographic knowledge stored in the ontology. The MAS makes use of measure algorithms to evaluate constraint violations on the chart in order to decide which generalization operators to apply."

abstract = "On a nautical chart, the bathymetry is represented by soundings (depth points) and isobaths (depth contours). As a maritime navigation aid tool, it has to follow specific constraints to ensure safe navigation. Most of the existing works in this domain focus either on automatic sounding selection or on isobath generalization. However, groups of soundings and isobaths also portray undersea features on the chart and these features should be preserved or eliminated according to their relevance for navigation. Being able to classify undersea features from the bathymetry would enrich the bathymetric database. This knowledge would help in selecting soundings and simplifying isobaths and further to support automating the generalization process. The objective of this work is to conceive a multi-agent system (MAS) for nautical chart generalization that is driven by the knowledge on the generalization process and the undersea features and their relationships. First, this work provides a feature-centered ontology modeling of the generalization process. Then, the MAS structure is introduced where agents access cartographic knowledge stored in the ontology. The MAS makes use of measure algorithms to evaluate constraint violations on the chart in order to decide which generalization operators to apply. The whole model has been implemented to provide generalization plans on a real case study."


# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = ["PHDproj"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = "https://doi.org/10.1080/15230406.2015.1129648"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
